Feature/325 validate schema on write (#327)
smart-data-lake/smart-data-lake: docs/Reference.md

See Readme of [sdl-examples](https://github.com/smart-data-lake/sdl-examples) for a working example and instructions to setup python environment for IntelliJ  

How it works: under the hood a PySpark DataFrame is a proxy for a Java Spark DataFrame. PySpark uses Py4j to access Java objects in the JVM.

## Schema Evolution

> SmartDataLakeBuilder is built to support schema evolution where possible. This means that data pipelines adapt them self automatically to additional or removed columns and changes of data types if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SmartDataLakeBuilder is built to support schema evolution where possible. This means that data pipelines adapt themselves automatically to additional or removed columns and changes of data types if possible.
```
